version 2.8-2

	added the label.cex argument to the gantt.chart function
	changed the name of the hierobarp function to barNest

version 2.8-1

	added the calculation of proportions to hierobarp

version 2.8

	added the cex argument to the staircase.plot function
	added a bit to the plotCI function examples
	changed \code tags to \samp and removed formatting from \link tags
	added the ylog argument to the barp function (thanks to Fatima Kreusch)
	added the legendg function (thanks to Primoz Peterlin)
	removed the Piper diagram functions until they run correctly

version 2.7-2

	added the axislab.cex argument to the twoord.plot function

version 2.7-1

	added the getMarginWidth function
	added the bracketing lines and labels to hierobarp
	added the hierobarp.svymean and hierobarp.svyprop functions
	added the lwd argument to stackpoly (thanks to Vaclav Varvarovsky)
	included an example to show how to use gantt.chart without dates
	included an example of histogram + density curve in twoord.plot

version 2.7

	added the getFigCtr function
	removed the final grouping lines from hierobarp

version 2.6-4

	fixed the bug in hierobrk and hierobarp that got the order of
	  breakdown factors wrong

version 2.6-3

	fixed the bug in gap.plot that lost the high values

version 2.6-2

	complete rewrite of the hierobarp and hierobrk functions
	rewrite of barhier function and name changed to sizetree

version 2.6-1

	Minor bug fix in the gap.plot function.

Version 2.6

	Improved bar/line plotting in the twoord.plot function.
	Added the fullaxis function.

version 2.5-5

	Changed the default symbol in count.overplot to "1".
	Added bar plotting to the twoord.plot function.
	Added fill between the confidence lines to the dispersion function.
	Added the bumpchart function.
	 (Thanks to Andreas Christofferson for the idea)
	Added the spreadout function to spread out cramped labels.
	Added table cell size correction for the cex argument.
	 (Thanks to Brian Diggs for the patch)

version 2.5-4

	Fixed the bug in dotplot.mtb function.
	
version 2.5-3

	Introduced the hierobarp function.
	Introduced the zoomInPlot function.
	New version of dotplot.mtb (with bug)
	
previous versions

	You don't expect me to remember all that, do you?
